docs: tutorials introduction (#6239)
fastify/fastify: docs/Tutorial/09-plugins-and-encapsulation.md

# Plugins and Encapsulation

Our application now validates input, installs hooks, and handles custom
errors correctly. What it still lacks is structure, scoping, and a way to
limit overhead.

For example, how can we apply hooks and error handlers to only a subset of
routes? How do we expose a decorator to only one part of the application?
Right now everything is defined on the top-level instance, which is
inefficient and not safe.

Plugins solve this.

## Definition

Plugins are cohesive, reusable functions that extend a Fastify
application. A plugin receives a scoped Fastify instance. Inside that

> scope it can add routes, decorators, hooks, and any other Fastify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within that function it can add routes, decorators, hooks, and any other Fastify
```

Just trying to avoid collapse the `scope` concept as I've seen is quite confusing for people using the framework for the first time

Author: Ok, I will try to make it more clear, but still teach the encapsulation scope/context at play.
